Speaker 1 (00:00:00.00)
You're about to learn how to turn any idea into an engaging video with Synthesia, the number 1 AI video platform for business.

Speaker 2 (00:00:06.22)
And you don't even need any video editing experience. Synthesia is already used by the majority of Fortune 100 companies who are turning their boring slides and training documents into incredible videos.

Speaker 1 (00:00:17.01)
So to get started, follow the link in the description to open up the dashboard and select Start with Assistant, where you can add any prompt, file, or link to make a video from. Then select from hundreds of pre-assigned templates from the menu and choose the duration of your video. And don't worry, you can customize these details even further in just a minute. So go ahead now and hit Create Video, and the assistant will then ask you a few more questions about your desired output before showing you an overview of the content, including the avatar script on the right-hand side and the layout of each scene on the left. Then select Open next to any of the scenes to start fine-tuning your video. You can click and drag anything you see on the canvas for each scene, and if you want to change your avatar host, you can just select it Open up the avatars menu and choose a brand new character from the selection. And to make your content feel more bespoke to your specific idea, you can put them into any costume or location that you can think of. Just describe whatever outfit you want to see, add your company's logos and colors, and you'll get a preview of what they're going to look like straight away.

Speaker 1 (00:01:16.04)
You can do the exact same thing with the location. Just describe whatever you want to see and add any branding. And you can even take it a step further by making your new custom avatar perform any action. So if you want to see them cooking, walking, or demonstrating creating something, all you need to do is describe that in some detail and add it directly into your project. Or for a more personal touch, you can also create your own AI avatar clone that looks and sounds exactly like you. All you need to do is film yourself reading a short script into the camera and you let AI do the rest. You can manually edit the script for what you want your avatar to say down at the bottom of the screen, or you can just highlight it and edit with prompts instead. Or to make it even easier, you can just describe any change you want to make to your video into the assistant. And now we can do something even cooler by turning this project interactive, which is going to take your video from something that is passively watched into something that your viewers can experience by choosing their own path.

Speaker 1 (00:02:12.20)
Just click on any element on the canvas, turn on the switch for interactivity, and link it to another scene. Then just repeat this process for as many times as needed. Adding screen-recorded content is also really simple. Just record your screen while talking, and our AI screen recorder will automatically transcribe your speech, removing filler words, leaving you with a clear, editable script perfectly matching your recording. But nothing great is created alone, and Synthesia makes it really easy to collaborate with your colleagues on a video in real time. They can co-edit with you, they can leave comments and make edits, keeping everything in one place, ensuring you have full visibility of the process. Translating your videos into over 140 different languages is also really simple. Just choose the languages that you want from the dropdown menu, click Translate, and it will even localize the text on screen ready to share around the world. From here, you can share a link directly to your video, you can embed it directly to your website, and you can even download it in SCM format and easily upload it to your preferred LMS. And with analytics, you can also check how your video is doing.

Speaker 1 (00:03:16.06)
You can check views, impressions, average watch time, and completion rate all in one place. And if you want to learn how to create your own AI clone that can present videos for you just like this, you should watch the tutorial on screen right now.